# Minion-List
A system for keeping track of Minions. Uses a queue and a stack. Utilizes Iterator, Iterable, Comparator, and Comparable

Assignment:

Introduction
This assignment will involve Linked Lists, Comparators, Recursion, Stacks, and Queues.

Note: Please read the turn-in procedure carefully before you begin, it has been updated specifically for this homework.
Description
minions gru
Gru has enlisted you to help him with his latest problem: he has too many minions to keep track of on his own! He is currently in the process of tracking his minions with his version of a linked list which he calls “MinionList”, however he is missing some functionality and he is not able to sort them! According to Gru the natural ordering of minions is by name, however he would also like to be able to sort them by height and iQlevel.

Gru realized that just a simple linked list will not suffice in keeping track of his minions. They like to stack on top of one another in order to pick bananas, so he will also require an implementation of a Stack. The minions also line up every night before bed to hug Gru one by one, so he will need a Queue to keep track of the line.

Once you have fulfilled those requirements Gru has one last challenge for you. You must prove you are the ultimate coding master in order to permanently join his team! How exactly do you do that? With recursion of course! You must code a handful of recursive methods to be used with the MinionList, details for them are provided below.

Provided Files and Solution Description
Note: You should NOT use any extra instance variables or any non-private methods other than the ones that are required.
MinionList.java
You have been provided with a partial implementation of a linked list. Your MinionList must implement Iterable, MinionQueue, and MinionStack. You must use Nodes to represent the list, you may NOT use an array or any other type of data structure.

Provided code includes:

An inner Node class.
private Node head: instance variable to keep track of the head of the list.
public boolean isEmpty(): returns whether or not the list is empty.
You must also include these methods in MinionList:

Any methods inherited from interfaces.
Note: The following methods MUST be implemented recursively to receive credit.
public Minion get(int i): Finds and returns the minion at specified index i. Throws IndexOutOfBoundsException if i is < 0 or >= size.
public String toString(): returns a String representation of the list in this format: “[minion1,minion2,minion3,]”.
public int size(): returns the number of elements in the MinionList.
public MinionList reverse(): Returns a new MinionList with the same elements as this MinionList but whose elements are in reverse order from this MinionList. For example for the list [minion1, minion2, minion3] this method would return [minion3, minion2, minion1].
MinionQueue.java
Do not edit this file. This interface includes the methods that you will need to provide implementation for in the MinionList. See the javadocs for more details.

MinionStack.java
Do not edit this file. This interface includes the methods that you will need to provide implementation for in the MinionList. See the javadocs for more details.

Minion.java
Must implement Comparable. Minions should be compared by name for natural ordering.
This class must have the following attributes:

private String name: name of minion
private double height: height of minion
private int iQLevel: IQ of minion
A proper constructor that takes in and sets the instance variables.
Properly overridden equals method. This should check name, height, and iQLevel.
Properly overridden toString method. This should return a String in the format “name has IQ of iQLevel and height of height cm.”. The height must be rounded to 2 decimal places.
properly overridden hashCode method.
If object1 and object2 are equal according to their equals method, they must also have the same hashCode.
A good hash function will give different hashCodes for objects that are not equal.
public Comparator<Minion> compareByHeight(): returns a Comparator that compares Minions by height.
public Comparator<Minion> compareByIQ(): returns a Comparator that compares Minions by iQLevel.
